hey what's going on guys this is way
crunked collapse coming back with box
number four out of five of my exe idol
boost opening you're going to
immediately notice that something is a
little different than this opening I
actually wanted to pay some homage to
some of the Japanese poco tuberous that
are out there i think you should
definitely check them out definitely
different styles of opening but it's a
great way to showcase the cards so i
decided to go with a couple of the
tendencies that some of the Japanese
spoken to do is use that I generally
don't you'll immediately notice that the
overhead view is a it's a little bit
more overhead than i'm used to i usually
go you know right on with the cards
you'll also notice that the box is pre
opened and in fact the packs are pre-cut
as well so and i'm not going to be doing
the cartridge either and i'm not going
to be sleeping cards as i get them i'm
going to be laying them out on the table
for you guys to see so i hope you enjoy
the style of opening I just wanted to
try something a little bit different try
to you know pay my respects to some of
the great Japanese poker tubers that are
out there you should definitely do a
search for e ex battle boost in japanese
and maybe you can see some different
opening some different styles and of
course some awesome cards and the
openings are going to be very very quick
so hold on to your hats alright we have
bouffalant Tim poll Charmeleon awesome
Charizard and an altaria I wasn't
kidding next pack we have Snivy Gothita
sigilyph awesome a reverse why loon did
not have that Carnus will set that there
and a gyarados it's actually pretty fun
alright do ocean Charmander gabite
Articuno nice and a ball pics reuniclus
swad moon rock weighs up awesome black
emex i did not have this card this is a
great addition to my collection and is a
tube
all right we have Toxicroak sawada
emolga Lucario and a piplup celosa
minccino SWA loon awesome another mult
res very great and a Shuckle love that
chuckle tends to show up in the last
card of the pack or the first after I do
a card trick stunfisk celosa zapdos I
got all three birds great stuff and I'm
you to VX I did not have this card in
this set so that's two out of two on e
axes I'm really pleased with that lay
that right there in a spear tomb keep it
going we got a Charmander mine serperior
oh my goodness weren't amazing pool guys
I got my Golden Russia ram two boxes in
a row got both golden pokemon wow I'm
breathless let's get this other cut out
of the way a print plop but holy crap I
would be screaming right now but I don't
want to wake up any neighbors it is late
the time that I'm opening this um wow
I'm just I'm humbled I'm humbled I feel
so blessed I really hope that there are
other prototype is out there that are
pulling this well it's going to be tough
to really get the card to show although
that seems to go pretty well that is an
absolute knockout card but I'm actually
going to carefully keep with my
tradition this Japanese opening and i'm
going to lay the card down without
sleeving it boy don't I have a death
wish huh Wow we'll come back to that
riolu trubbish vilas cobalion and a
Ralts yep can't believe I'm actually
doing that uh Croagunk seismitoad
Garchomp a cura me X I did not have this
one either this is an incredible box
guys in a meloetta so that's two boxes
in a row that have dealt me
exes that I needed as well as a gold
full art shiny and different ones too
Zorua Snivy Gothita garbodor and
empoleon mother's violence here let's
see if we can focus trubbish Victini
reverse a mikuni oh my goodness I pulled
the regular a mikuni but did not in
reverse and this is actually my second
reverse holo secret rare trainer in a
nine tails on the back wow this is
unbelievable the luck that I've had in
the past two boxes are just absolutely
stunning dawat gibble terrakion and a
Victini yet are you kidding me I didn't
have this ax either in junipers dad in
the back that means I'm only missing one
EXO I'm going to try to think of it
before I accidentally pull it lay that
right there we have a survived Plusle
pignite thunderous and a phione
such a big set i actually can't think of
the eax i'm missing another serving
Tepig samurott and aquel the OBX i did
already have many of this card so it
will be up for trade I'll set that right
there and another kirlia so it looks
like that last TX has eluded me but I do
have one more box in order to pull it
and to figure out what card it is as
well give all dawat Gothita virizion and
swab loot can't believe how fast this
opening is gone palpa toad emolga emboar
nice and i do actually have this
enterprise card 97 out of 93 another
secret rare so this one will be up for
trade hopefully for one of the cards
that I end up needing at the end of the
set and a Galilean air so we'll set this
to the back here just a couple of packs
to go guys riolu minccino soncino in a
reverse reuniclus this is actually a
very good news in particular for me
because I love my shiny reuniclus so any
sort of special reuniclus kotik and pole
is great news and a Magikarp two packs
to go guys palpa toad jpg seismitoad
goth Attell and Ain a tube and the last
pack of the speedy speedy opening we
have minun stunfisk threat agon landorus
and an altaria so this has been a
fantastic opening we're going to show
the cards actually from a completely
overhead view I'm going to show we have
the calvillo X the Victini X reverse
secret rare a mikuni kira me x reverse
swab moon black kyurem I X mu 2 e x this
incredible gold Reshiram reuniclus
reverse and enterprise card number 97 of
93 thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed this special opening
video I really have as well I'm just
going to make sure that I can sleeve
these cards as fast as humanly possible
so uh awesome I'm going gangbusters to
complete this set now so I really really
hope you guys are pulling this well
because I feel very very blessed to pull
these cards